// In Main Page

// When user search events
unit test: Ensure that server get correct data from webpage.
	Input keyword you want to search on the search box.
	Click the button left to the search box to open filters for search.
	Select major, category, start date&time, or end date&time.
	Click the button right to the search box to get a list of events.

	Assert if server get data as following JSON type { keyword: "KEYWORD", category: "CATEGORY", major: "MAJOR", startDatetime: "STARTDATETIME", endDatetime: "endDatetime" }
	Assert if server get "keyword" as "nnull" if user doesn't input anything in search bar.
	Assert if server get "category" as "nnull" if user doesn't select any category.
	Assert if server get "major" as "nnull" if user doesn't select any major.
	Assert if server get "startDatetime" as "nnull" if user doesn't select start date&time.
	Assert if server get "endDatetime" as "nnull" if user doesn't select end date&time.

unit test: Visually ensure that server respond correct data to webpage.
        Input keyword you want to search on the search box.
        Click the button left to the search box to open filters for search.
        Select major, category, start date&time, or end date&time.
        Click the button right to the search box to get a list of events.

	Assert that a list of events are filled on left of the google map with event header text.


// When user mouseover and mouseleave on one of the events
unit test: Visually ensure that a marker bounces
	Put the cursor on one of the events.

	Assert the marker of the event is bouncing.

unit test: Visually ensure that a marker stop bouncing
	Put away the cursor from the events.

	Assert the marker of the event stops bouncing.

// When user click one of the dropdown from gear
unit test: Ensure that user can move from main page to my page when clicks "My Page"
	Click gear icon on the top right of main page.
	Click "My Page".

	Assert the page moves to My Page.

unit test: Ensure that user can logout from main page
	Click gear icon on the top right of main page.
	Click "Logout".

	Assert the page moves to Login Page and the user id is removed from the url.

// When user scroll down
unit test: Visually ensure that "+" button is fixed on the bottom right of the screen
	Scroll down the main page

	Assert the "+" button is still appear on the bottom right of the screen.
